Add math notation to new functions (#8)
Nerolation/EIP-ERC-721-Stealth-Addresses: eip-5564.md

/// @param stealthAddress The recipient's stealth address.
/// @param ephemeralPubKey The ephemeral public key used to generate the stealth address.
/// @param viewingKey The recipient's viewing private key.
/// @param spendingPubKey The recipient's spending public key.
/// @return True if funds sent to the stealth address belong to the recipient.
function checkStealthAddress(
  address stealthAddress,
  bytes memory ephemeralPubKey,
  bytes memory viewingKey,

>   bytes memory spendingPubKey

Author: I added the spendingPubKey function which is required in the last step to derive the stealth address.

}
```

An example stealth address scheme for elliptic curves is below. Other stealth schemes may need to modify this approach. 

- $G$ represents the generator point of the curve.

> - Recipient has published a stealth meta-address that constists of the public keys $P_{spend}$ and $P_{view}$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recipient has published a stealth meta-address that consists of the public keys $P_{spend}$ and $P_{view}$
```

> - Recipient has has access to the private keys $p_{spend}$, $p_{view}$ that can access $P_{spend}$ and $P_{view}$.

Reviewer: Maybe this is a bit more precise?
```suggestion
- Recipient has has access to the private keys $p_{spend}$, $p_{view}$ from which $P_{spend}$ and $P_{view}$ are derived.
```

- Sender generates random 32-byte entropy ephemeral private key $p_{ephemeral}$.

> - Sender passes the stealth mata-address to the `generateStealthAddress` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sender passes the stealth meta-address to the `generateStealthAddress` function.
```

- The `generateStealthAddress` function performs the following computations:

>   - Generate a random ephemeral private key $p_{ephemeral}$.

Reviewer: This was already mentioned above, perhaps we delete that bullet (L131) and keep this one?

  - Derive the ephemeral public key  $P_{ephemeral}$ from $p_{ephemeral}$.

>   - Parse the spending and viewing public keys, P_{spend} and P_{view}, from the stealth meta-address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Parse the spending and viewing public keys, $P_{spend}$ and $P_{view}$, from the stealth meta-address.
```

  - A shared secret $s$ is computed as $s = p_{ephemeral} \cdot P_{view}$.

>   - The secret is hashed $s_{h} = h(s)$.

Reviewer: Nit, since `h` is a function here we don't want it in italics
```suggestion
  - The secret is hashed $s_{h} = \textrm{h}(s)$.
```

  - The view tag $v$ is extracted by taking the most significant byte $s_{h}[0]$,

>   - Multiply the shared secret with the generator point $S = s \cdot G$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Multiply the hashed shared secret with the generator point $S_h = s_h \cdot G$.
```

>   - The recipient's stealth public key is computed as $P_{stealth} = P_{spend} + S$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The recipient's stealth public key is computed as $P_{stealth} = P_{spend} + S_h$.
```

  - The recipient's stealth address $a_{stealth}$ is computed as $\textrm{pubkeyToAddress}(P_{stealth})$.
  - The function returns the stealth address $a_{stealth}$, the ephemeral public key $P_{ephemeral}$ and the view tag $v$. 

An example function to check whether a stealth address belongs to oneself:

* User has access to the viweing private key $p_{view}$ and the public spending key $P_{spend}$.

> * User has access to a set of `Announcements` (ephemeral public keys) and applies the `checkStealthAddress` function to each of them. 

Reviewer: There's more to an announcement log and it's already defined above, so maybe rephrase to this?
```suggestion
* User has access to a set of `Announcement` events and applies the `checkStealthAddress` function to each of them. 
```

- The  `checkStealthAddress` function performs the following computations:
  - Shared secret $s$ is computed by multiplying the viewing private key with the ephemeral public key of the announcement $s = p_{view}$ * $P_{ephemeral}$.

>   - Multiply the shared secret with the generator point $S = s \cdot G$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The secret is hashed $s_{h} = h(s)$.
  - Multiply the hashed shared secret with the generator point $S_h = s_h \cdot G$.
```

>   - The stealth public key is computed as $P_{stealth} = P_{spend} + S$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The stealth public key is computed as $P_{stealth} = P_{spend} + S_h$.
```

  - The derived stealth address $a_{stealth}$ is computed as $\textrm{pubkeyToAddress}(P_{stealth})$.

>   - return `true` if the stealth address of the announcement matches the derived stealth address, else return `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Return `true` if the stealth address of the announcement matches the derived stealth address, else return `false`.
```

> )

Reviewer: Stray parentheses?
```suggestion
```

An example function to derive the private key of a stealth address:
* User has access to the viewing private key (viewing key), spending private key $p_{spend}$.

> * User has access to a set of `Announcements` for which the `checkStealthAddress` function returns `true` . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User has access to a set of `Announcement` events for which the `checkStealthAddress` function returns `true` . 
```

- The  `computeStealthKey` function performs the following computations:
  - Shared secret $s$ is computed by multiplying the viewing private key with the ephemeral public key of the announcement $s = p_{view}$ * $P_{ephemeral}$.

>   - The stealth private key is computed as $P_{stealth} = p_{spend} + s$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The secret is hashed $s_{h} = h(s)$.
  - The stealth private key is computed as $P_{stealth} = p_{spend} + s_h$.
```

> )

Reviewer: Stray parentheses again?
```suggestion
```

---

> Sending funds now works as follows:

Author: I was not sure if we want to keep that section. It summarizes the above in a few lines, though, it might not be necessary. 
What do you think, @mds1 ?

Reviewer: I agree, I think we can remove this in favor of the above that uses the specific EIP methods
